hey guys you're probably not used to my
makeup every time I go to Mac or Sephora
they always seem to mess up my makeup or
do my makeup kind of the way I would
never do it and I don't like to put that
much makeup on to be honest on my lids
at least if you can see it's a lot and I
think it looks a little different you
like my new earrings
they're kind of red Oh what anyway um
this is kind of gonna be a girl a video
I have pictures of my new belly button
rings and the reason I'm showing you my
belly button rings I'm so excited I have
a collection and um about when I was 16
years old I got my belly button pierced
didn't take care of it and couldn't wear
anything cute so now I got my belly
button pierced
three pairs couple months ago and I can
wear whatever I want now so that's kind
of something new anyway I'm gonna start
off with my flower weeks now where I
warm up one hour me that's weird work
right
flowery flowery um bellybutton rings so
I'm going to start off with this one I'm
gonna do this ah here we go and I really
like this one I have a picture on
YouTube or not YouTube Facebook with
this one and if anyone wants the second
one I got a second one for free I don't
know why they just gave it to me for
free so email me if you want one I don't
know then I got and yes I'm gonna stop
collecting bellybutton rings after this
cuz I have enough and then I got this
one cute I love it I also have a picture
on if you follow me out
book on this one that's well when I put
the other ones and then this the one I
got today is like my new favorite I
haven't posted it on my facebook yet but
I love it and then I have this one
that's a little bit similar but it's
smaller and I'll show you how like how
much smaller it's um it does that color
but it doesn't really show it's kind of
blue a little it's do it some other way
hole trying to peek over okay so the
difference between those two are do you
see I'll make one's a little bigger I
guess you don't notice or just don't
give a
and there's one I got that I really hate
and I thought this would be cool because
I wanted to get something different I
wanted to get its goes in like this and
then this part sticks out and it kind of
flops over like this and it doesn't look
good at all so I'm probably going to get
rid of that the next one is kind of my
favorite but I don't have a lot of
things to wear it to and I also have
this pictured on my facebook as well if
you follow me and and as you can see let
me it kind of matches my tattoo so I
like that better detail it stops moving
whatever so I got that one
and then for my danglies um I have two
dailies and they kind of fit my bathing
suit because it's in gold I have this
one and it has a little candy on it I
think it's really cute and then I have
this one that's even more dangly that's
like kind of jewels
stuff so that's cute as well
oh this was on my facebook as well blah
blah you know I have normal ones I'm not
going to show you all the normal ones I
love this black one you can't see it
that well but um I put that in when I
don't want any danglies and then I have
the one I got pierced with which is
clear usually get Pierce with the clear
one or just and I have one of my
favorites but I do have a new favorite
that's actually in my stomach right now
it's this one it's really really cute I
love it and then I have one that's
similar still in the bag I haven't tried
it on yet see if I can show you it looks
like that but it's more crystalline
diamond deep and then I have it in my
belly as well but it's blue now moving
on I have so much stuff in here I'm not
going to show you so I'm gonna move on
these two are for my you work piercing
so when that heals I'm going to get it
like diamond this I don't know if you
guys have seen these like me but they're
for your tragus and they're like little
dang ways I also got the skeleton one
but it's a little too big for my tragus
it's hard to change out I don't know if
I showed you this one it was kind of
hanging out I haven't tried that one on
yet um and then of course my 16 gauge
for my tragus piercing as well and I
have a lot more but I think I'm going to
end it at that because I don't want to
bore you anyway
I hope you liked this video if you
didn't sums down if you did thumbs up
but please don't bums down and I hope
you guys have a nice day I'll talk to
you later